Installation Doc for Bprobe and Cprobe
--------------------------------------

All the necessary files are in probes.tar.Z. Unpacking this
file will create a subdirectory named "Release" in the current
directory. Change to that directory and you can "make" the
probe tools.

Running the tools
-----------------

After installation and building you have two executables:
bprobe and cprobe. Both must be made SUID root (see RESTRICTIONS section). 
Each takes a single parameter: the name (or IP address) of the target
host. For example:

> bprobe tonka
BRPROBE (1.0) tonka
Final Bandwidth: 9.66140e+06
> cprobe tonka
CPROBE (1.0) tonka
Available Bandwidth: 6450391.00000

The output for each tool consists of a line giving the
name, version and target followed by a line reporting
either the measured bottleneck bandwidth (bprobe) or the measured
available bandwidth (cprobe).

RESTRICTIONS
------------

At present this code is SGI-specific in the following ways:

1) Use of high-resolution timer in rprobeGuts.c

2) Ability of process to adjust its scheduling priority dynamically
   in raisePriority.c

Also, because these tools use ICMP packets, is is necessary that they
be SUID root to run. Thus you need root premission to build them. This
is accounted for in the makefile through the use of the "sudo" command.
If this is not installed on your system then you need to adjust
the Makefile and build process accordingly.

An alternate workaround that allows general use of the tools is
to set up a daemon process that does the actual probing and use
generic UDP for communication with the daemon. We have integrated our
tools withe the SONAR implementation to provide such a facility as
well as providing a daemon that can be run remotely and queried from
anywhere. For more on SONAR see the SONAR home page at http://www.netlib.org/utk/projects/sonar/. TO install and build the SONAR/BPROBE
daemon see README.SONAR available in another tar archive from 
http://cs-www.bu.edu/students/grads/carter/tools/Tools.html.
